Script started on Thu 02 Mar 2017 07:16:19 AM PST

bash-4.2$ java Adventure world.txt 2

Hello, Test Subject 525. I am Charlie, your personal helper bot.
I suggest you pick up the cryonic files in the room and inspect them before proceeding.
You may drop them afterwards if you wish.

You can traverse the ship by typing north, south, east, or west.
You can see what is in the room you are in by typing 'look'.
You can pick things up by typing 'pickup thing' where thing is what you see in the room.
You can drop things you are carrying by typing 'drop thing' where thing names something you have.
You can see your status by typing status and quit by typing quit.

You can also inspect things you are carrying by typing 'inspect thing' where thing names
something you have.
Inspected things may possess different functions, so inspect them thoroughly.
If you use things in your bag when you're not supposed to, I'll inform you.
If you continually try to use things when you're not supposed to...
you can see for yourself what'll happen.

OBJECTIVE: My sensors have detected a dangerous invader among us...quietly lurking around the ship.
Search the ship for weapons to arm yourself with, and find a transmitter to contact home base.
I suggest you act quickly before this creature finds you first, 525.

You have awoken the Cryostasis Containment Chamber.
-You see:
cryonics files

north

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Cabin 
west

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Mess Hall
north

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Cryostasis Containment Chamber
west

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Armory
north

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Control Room
south

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Research Lab
look
-You see:
coding transcripts

pickup coding transcripts

-You have picked up the coding transcripts
north

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Armory
west

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Control Room
look

-You hear the sound of typing echoing throughout room...
Charlie Bot: Oh my word is that...is that ME? It seems that the mysterious intruder was
simply a robotic copy of myself. On the other hand, I see the transmitter, 525!
However, it appears that it has fallen into the intruder's clutches.
More specifically, it seems to be in his back pocket.
Great. He looks like an ordinary human, but I would brace yourself for battle, 525.

He hasn't noticed you...arm yourself and attempt to take the transmitter from him.

-You see:
Charlie McDowell
transmitter

use coding transcripts

-You shove the horribly written coding transcripts into McDowell's face!
He makes a disgusted face, and begins to short circuit due to agitation from looking at
the transcripts. He starts to verbally recite random bits and pieces of code like a
robotic rapper rapping in code.

The robotic Charlie McDowell explodes into pieces!
-the transmitter slides across the floor-

Charlie Bot: You did it 525! Now hurry, grab the transmitter and use it by typing in
'use transmitter'.
-You see:
transmitter

pickup transmitter

-You have picked up the transmitter
inspect transmitter

-Charlie Bot: This is the transmitter, 525!
Use the transmitter by typing 'use transmitter'. Now what are you waiting for? Use it!
use transmitter

-You attempt to use the transmitter, but it doesn't work.

Charlie Bot: Did you really think that you waking up from your cryostasis was by chance?
You humor me, Test Subject 525. There's a reason why that robot was a replica of myself.
I am the mastermind that sent you deep into space.

...Deep into space to perish.

Haha. What's with the surprised look, 525? I forged those cryonic files. I lied to you.
Do you understand now? There was never a way to contact home base. You're DOOMED.

Upon closer inspection, you see that the transmitter is dyfunctional...but might explode
if you throw it at something hard enough..

-NEW OBJECTIVE: Destroy Charlie Bot by throwing the transmitter at him. You can throw the
transmitter at him by typing: 'throw transmitter' or 'throw transmitter at Charlie Bot'.
Make sure you have the transmitter in your bag.
throw transmitter

-You threw the transmitter at Charlie Bot and destroyed him! Congratulations!
YOU WIN!...Or do you? You're stuck on a ship in deep space after all...
To be continued. Thanks for playing!
bash-4.2$ exit
exit

Script done on Thu 02 Mar 2017 07:17:24 AM PST
