Script started on Thu 02 Mar 2017 07:04:36 AM PST

bash-4.2$ java Adventure world.txt 2

Hello, Test Subject 525. I am Charlie, your personal helper bot.
I suggest you pick up the cryonic files in the room and inspect them before proceeding.
You may drop them afterwards if you wish.

You can traverse the ship by typing north, south, east, or west.
You can see what is in the room you are in by typing 'look'.
You can pick things up by typing 'pickup thing' where thing is what you see in the room.
You can drop things you are carrying by typing 'drop thing' where thing names something you have.
You can see your status by typing status and quit by typing quit.

You can also inspect things you are carrying by typing 'inspect thing' where thing names
something you have.
Inspected things may possess different functions, so inspect them thoroughly.
If you use things in your bag when you're not supposed to, I'll inform you.
If you continually try to use things when you're not supposed to...
you can see for yourself what'll happen.

OBJECTIVE: My sensors have detected a dangerous invader among us...quietly lurking around the ship.
Search the ship for weapons to arm yourself with, and find a transmitter to contact home base.
I suggest you act quickly before this creature finds you first, 525.

You have awoken the Cryostasis Containment Chamber.
-You see:
cryonics files

pickup cryonics files

-You have picked up the cryonics files
inspect cryonics files

-EMERGENCY LOG AND GENERAL INFORMATION:
You are Test Subject 525. You were sent deep into untraversed space as part of a secret space
expedition planned by us, NASA. The fact that you are reading this at all means that
you have awoken from your cryostasis early, which also means that something has gone horribly
wrong. We won't have any idea what the issue is by the time you're reading this, but take care,
arm yourself, and don't be surprised if you see any oddities aboard the ship.

Charlie Bot: This doesn't look good, 525. We best make haste and investigate the ship.

drop cryonics files

-Charlie Bot: You have dropped the cryonics files
north

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Cabin 
look
-You see:
pillow
blankets

pickup pillow

-You have picked up the pillow
inspect pillow

-Charlie Bot: This is a pillow, 525.
It's soft and fluffy, but has no other special qualitities those two traits.

The best you could do with this pillow in combat is 'whack' things with it.
pickup blankets

-You have picked up the blankets
inspect blankets

-Charlie Bot: These are blankets, 525.
They're rather soft and warm, and when complimented with a comfy pillow, quickly lull
people to sleep.

You could 'snuggle' the blankets, but that's about it.
snuggle blankets

-Charlie Bot: I realize those blankets are warm, but we should really keep moving, 525.
drop blankets

-Charlie Bot: You have dropped the blankets
west

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Mess Hall
look
-You see:
bananas

pickup bananas

-You have picked up the bananas
inspect bananas

-Charlie Bot: These are bananas, 525. They're fruits.
There's nothing really special about them.

You could 'toss' these bananas, and maybe 'eat' them, but that's about it.
eat bananas

-Charlie Bot: Yeah...I don't think this is the time to be eating bananas, 525.
toss bananas

-Charlie Bot: I'd rather you not toss these bananas at me, 525.
toss bananas

-Charlie Bot: Stop that before I start calling you 'Monkey' instead.
toss bananas

-Charlie Bot: You monkey.
north

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Cryostasis Containment Chamber
west

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Armory
look
-You see:
space gun
lightsaber

pickup space gun

-You have picked up the space gun
pickup lightsaber

-You have picked up the lightsaber
inspect space gun

-Charlie Bot: This is a space gun, 525. It feels like something out of a sci-fi movie.
Fueled by some sort of alien technology, it utilizes pure energy rather than ammunition.
It's capable of doing serious damage to whatever is at the other end of it, and has no recoil.

You can shoot the space gun by typing: 'shoot space gun'.
inspect lightsaber

-Charlie Bot: This is a lightsaber, 525. It gives off an aura of familarity.
It is a plasma blade that requires a kyber crystal to power its saber from a metal hilt.
It has the power to cut through virtually anything it touches.

You can slash with the lightsaber by typing: 'slash'.
west

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Control Room
look

-You hear the sound of typing echoing throughout room...
Charlie Bot: Oh my word is that...is that ME? It seems that the mysterious intruder was
simply a robotic copy of myself. On the other hand, I see the transmitter, 525!
However, it appears that it has fallen into the intruder's clutches.
More specifically, it seems to be in his back pocket.
Great. He looks like an ordinary human, but I would brace yourself for battle, 525.

He hasn't noticed you...arm yourself and attempt to take the transmitter from him.

-You see:
Charlie McDowell
transmitter

pickup transmitter

-Charlie Bot: The transmitter is currently in McDowell's possession. You can't safely
retrieve it without him noticing, 525. You'll have to use something to take it from him
by force.
pickup Charlie McDowell

-Charlie Bot: You can't just shove the professor into your bag and call it a day, 525.
Nice try though.
north

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Cabin 
south

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Research Lab
look
-You see:
coding transcripts

pickup coding transcripts

-You have picked up the coding transcripts
inspect coding transcripts

-Charlie Bot: These are coding transcripts, 525.
They're very, very poorly written, and would make any programmer feel extremely agitated.

Maybe they'll have some 'use' for you later on. Use them by typing: 'use coding transcripts'.
north

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Armory
west

-Charlie Bot: You have entered the Control Room
status
pillow
bananas
space gun
lightsaber
coding transcripts
Available capacity = 0
toss bananas

-McDowell catches the bananas you toss!
He flings them back at your head as a warning.
Charlie Bot: I really don't think bananas are an effective weapon, 525...

whack

-You start whacking McDowell with the pillow.
He completely ignores you, and continues to code on his laptop.

Charlie Bot: The pillow is NOT the ideal weapon in this case.
use coding transcripts

-You shove the horribly written coding transcripts into McDowell's face!
He makes a disgusted face, and begins to short circuit due to agitation from looking at
the transcripts. He starts to verbally recite random bits and pieces of code like a
robotic rapper rapping in code.

The robotic Charlie McDowell explodes into pieces!
-the transmitter slides across the floor-

Charlie Bot: You did it 525! Now hurry, grab the transmitter and use it by typing in
'use transmitter'.
-You see:
transmitter

pickup transmitter

-Your bag is full, 525. You need to drop something else first.
drop bananas

-Charlie Bot: You have dropped the bananas
pickup transmitter

-You have picked up the transmitter
inspect transmitter

-Charlie Bot: This is the transmitter, 525!
Use the transmitter by typing 'use transmitter'. Now what are you waiting for? Use it!
use transmitter

-You attempt to use the transmitter, but it doesn't work.

Charlie Bot: Did you really think that you waking up from your cryostasis was by chance?
You humor me, Test Subject 525. There's a reason why that robot was a replica of myself.
I am the mastermind that sent you deep into space.

...Deep into space to perish.

Haha. What's with the surprised look, 525? I forged those cryonic files. I lied to you.
Do you understand now? There was never a way to contact home base. You're DOOMED.

Upon closer inspection, you see that the transmitter is dyfunctional...but might explode
if you throw it at something hard enough..

-NEW OBJECTIVE: Destroy Charlie Bot by throwing the transmitter at him. You can throw the
transmitter at him by typing: 'throw transmitter' or 'throw transmitter at Charlie Bot'.
Make sure you have the transmitter in your bag.
throw transmitter

-You threw the transmitter at Charlie Bot and destroyed him! Congratulations!
YOU WIN!...Or do you? You're stuck on a ship in deep space after all...
To be continued. Thanks for playing!
bash-4.2$ exit
exit

Script done on Thu 02 Mar 2017 07:09:27 AM PST
